To tell you the truth
He is just a means of my marriage
What do you like or not like
I prefer an obedient canary like you
Mr. Zhou, I have nothing to do with you now, and I am not the golden mansion power you said
So please get out of the way
Accompany me one more time
I will let you go
What do you mean
Before I get engaged
Accompany me one last time
He will really get close to me
Transfer money now for hundreds of billions
Xue Zhiyao, you are playing me for 100 million, don't
Want Mr. 100,000 Zhou
I have never been your girlfriend
So I am not qualified to ask for a break fee
Ten trillion bowls
Just treat it as if I accept your ticket
100,000 bowls
It's really cheap
I paid for that, don't hurry up
I regret it, I'll go first